alright folks our channel just passed
10,000 subscribers and we're about to
pass five million views in our first six
months so thank you for that now we've
got a great video where we're going to
recap the most watched videos because
it's interesting to see what appeals to
you guys and before the end of the video
I'm going to show you what's in this
mystery box our fifth most popular video
had to do with debunking this giant
squid picture sure we love giant squids
just as much as the next guy but it
turned out that photo was nothing more
than photoshop the original photo was
just as interesting though it was a
giant beached whale our fourth most
popular topic was about eagles and eagle
attacks apparently you like them eagles
hold things off of cliffs well I guess
who doesn't right shoot
you really enjoyed our story about the
Brazilian Wandering Spider or the fact
that one bite will give you an erection
for hours Donaire spider
number two eagles just dominated the
list maybe we should be world's greatest
Eagles so kudos for your love of eagle
attacks all right so are you ready for
the most popular video from world's
greatest animus
that's right you love them nothing wrong
with that
ouch that one looks a little painful all
right folks what did you think and by
the way this is my Andre the Giant
t-shirt pick yourself up and Andre the
Giant t-shirt at our amazon store I
don't think they have this one though
this one's pretty special all right in
the box old toys from when I was a kid
including whoa him including it's hard
to do when you're watching yourself on
the screen including this cap cone truck
pez dispenser 1980s style California
Raisins a poop keychain and my favorite
of the bunch hundreds hundreds hundreds
of muscle men do you remember these does
anybody remember these because I'm
amazed by these all right folks thanks
for watching make sure to subscribe
check out world's greatest animals and
subscribe for new videos every freaking
week I got to come up with these every
week take care folks and goodbye